Prepare Release workflow (#135)
nautobot/nautobot-app-dev-example: docs/dev/release_checklist.md

Ensure that continuous integration testing on the `develop` branch is completing successfully.

### Run the Prepare Release Github Workflow

> Run the [Prepare Release](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-dev-example/actions/workflows/prepare_release.yml) GitHub workflow on the `develop` branch. Select the version bump type (prerelease, patch, minor, major) that matches the version bump you intend to make for this release. Then enter the branch name to create the release from (default is `main`). You can optionally provide the Date of the release (YYYY-MM-DD), if preparing the release ahead of time, otherwise it will default to the current date. Finally, click "Run workflow" to execute the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the [Prepare Release](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-dev-example/actions/workflows/prepare_release.yml) GitHub workflow. Leave the "Use workflow from" option set to the default `develop` branch. Select the version bump type (prerelease, patch, minor, major) that matches the version bump you intend to make for this release. Then enter the branch name to create the release from (default is `main`). You can optionally provide the Date of the release (YYYY-MM-DD), if preparing the release ahead of time, otherwise it will default to the current date. Finally, click "Run workflow" button to execute the workflow.
```

> This workflow will automatically create a release branch off of `develop` (If release from `main`, it will use `develop` as the starting point), bump the version, and generate the release notes. It will also open a pull request for you to merge the release branch into `main` (unless another branch is specified) with the generated release notes as the PR description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow will automatically create a release branch from the appropriate branch (If releasing from `main`, it will use `develop` as the starting point), bump the version, and generate the release notes. It will also open a pull request for you to merge the release branch into the target branch with the generated release notes as the PR description.
```

### Review and Merge the Release PR

Review the release PR created by the workflow, make any necessary adjustments to the release notes, and merge it once CI has completed and the PR has been approved. If you're releasing a new major or minor version, this will create a new `docs/admin/release_notes/version_{major}.{minor}.md` file. Please fill in the `Release Overview` section in that file manually with a user-friendly summary of the most notable changes!

### Publish the Release

> A Draft Release will automatically be created in GitHub when the Prepare Release Workflow is run. Verify the content of the release notes, the tag, and the target branch, then publish the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A draft release will automatically be created in GitHub when the Prepare Release workflow is run. Verify the content of the release notes, the tag, and the target branch, then publish the release.
```

### Sync the Release Back to `develop`

> After the release has been published, a new PR will automatically be created to merge the release branch back into `develop` with a version bump to the next development version (e.g. `1.4.3a1`). Review and merge this PR once CI has completed and the PR has been approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a release has been published from the `main` branch, a new PR will automatically be created to merge the changes from `main` back into `develop` with a version bump to the next development version (e.g. `1.4.3a1`). Review and merge this PR once CI has completed and the PR has been approved.
```

All done!

## LTM Releases

For projects maintaining a Nautobot LTM compatible release, all development and release management is done through the `ltm-x.y` branch. The `x.y` relates to the LTM version of Nautobot it's compatible with, for example `1.6`.

The process is similar to [releasing from `develop`](#all-releases-from-develop), but there is no need for post-release branch syncing because you'll release directly from the LTM branch.

Once the release has been published, open a separate PR against `develop` to synchronize all LTM release notes into the latest version of the docs for visibility.

> ### Legacy Documentation for LTM Releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Legacy Documentation for LTM Releases

Please use the automated process for all LTM releases going forward, but if you need to refer to the old manual release process for any reason, here are the steps that were previously followed for LTM releases.
```
